The files that generated the second edition of Concrete Mathematics
are archived with this file. I'll try to explain what they contain
and how another edition (e.g., a translation) might be prepared with them.

All files are ASCII.

The *.tex files consist of gkpmac.tex (the macro file called in by
most of the others), plus:
	front.tex, pref.tex, cont.tex (for pages i--xiii)
	chap1.tex, chap2.tex, ..., chap9.tex (for pages 1--496)
	ans.tex, bib.tex, cred.tex, index.tex, rear.tex (for pages 497--end)
There's also galley.tex (which I used for testing isolated parts of the
manuscript); and answers.tex (which I used for testing individual chapters,
by typing \input answers after TeX had processed a chapter).

The whole book can be generated from the *.tex files (given the fonts);
but running them generates additional files for cross-referencing.
The *.ref files are included here just in case the book is to be reprinted
with only minor changes; these contain codewords for equation numbers,
exercise numbers, table numbers, and bibliographic references.
Similarly, the *.grf files tell TeX whether each item of graffiti is
to appear on a left or right page; these are included too.
Not included are the *.ans, *.inx, *.bnx files produced by a TeX run.
(The *.ans files are needed only to print Appendix A, and they can be
generated by running chap1.tex...chap9.tex. The *.bnx files are indexes
to bibliographic citations; they have been accumulated and sorted and
the result does appear here as bnx.tex. The *.inx files were used to
make a crude first approximation to the index.) (Running TeX on ans.tex
causes it to read the *.ans files and to generate a file sources.tex
that is needed for Appendix C.)

The table of contents and the index were prepared by hand. The first step
in making a new edition, if it is to be extensively revised, should be
to go through the present index and make sure that everything now indexed
there is generated by an index cue in the appropriate source file.
(A hundred or so items that deserved indexing were thought of at the last
moment, and they weren't put back into the files.) To aid in this process,
the file invindex.tex contains an inverted index to the second edition.

When the full book is prepared, the bib section should be done first, then
the chapters, as explained near the end of gkpmac.

NOTE: There's a neat way to make selected pages on this Unix system, without
clobbering the .grf or .ref files. Connect to the "pages" subdirectory,
put a list of the desired pages into the file pages.tex, and then
say, e.g., "tex chap3". Since ../chap3 is in the access path, TeX will find
that source file, and it will write the new (garbage) .grf etc files
harmlessly in pages/chap3.grf etc.
